README.md, before:

# Universal Quantum Regularization Discovery

**Breaking Discovery**: Quantum regularization universally eliminates chaos in gravitational three-body systems.

## Key Results

| Metric | Result |
|--------|--------|
| **Success Rate** | 100% (30/30 seeds) |
| **Lyapunov Exponents** | All λ < 0 (stable) |
| **Statistical Significance** | p < 10⁻⁹ |
| **Energy Conservation** | δE/E₀ ~ 10⁻¹⁵ |
| **Molecular Validation** | 95.9% - 98.7% accuracy |

## The Discovery

Classical three-body systems are chaotic (positive Lyapunov exponents). Adding quantum regularization with **ε = ℏ/(mv)** transforms chaos into universal stability:

```
Force = -GM₁M₂ r̂ / (r² + ε²)^(3/2)
```

Where ε is the de Broglie wavelength scale.

## Core Physics

- **Regularization Scale**: ε = ℏ/(m·v_rms)
- **Physical Crossover**: ε_c ≈ 0.4× ℏ/(mv)
- **Integration**: Yoshida 6th order symplectic
- **Validation**: 30 random initial conditions, 100% success

## Repository Structure

```
quantum-regularization/
├── docs/           # Complete theoretical framework
├── code/python/    # Validated implementation
└── data/results/   # Computational evidence
```

## Quick Start

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python code/python/three_body_validated.py
```

## Molecular Validation

The theory predicts bond lengths scale as R ∝ 1/√N_electrons:

| System | Prediction | Measured | Accuracy |
|--------|-----------|----------|----------|
| H₂⁺ → H₂ | 0.707 | 0.698 | 98.7% |
| N₂⁺ → N₂ | 0.966 | 0.984 | 98.2% |
| O₂⁺ → O₂ | 0.968 | 0.930 | 95.9% |

## Documentation

- **[THEORY.md](docs/THEORY.md)** - Complete theoretical framework
- **[VALIDATION.md](docs/VALIDATION.md)** - Computational evidence
- **[FORMULAS.md](docs/FORMULAS.md)** - Machine-precision formulas

## Citation

```bibtex
@article{quantum_regularization_2025,
  title={Universal Quantum Regularization Eliminates Gravitational Chaos},
  author={[Authors]},
  journal={[Submitted to Nature/Science]},
  year={2025}
}
```

## License

MIT License - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details

## Discovery Timeline

- **March 2025**: Initial T=1 validation
- **November 2025**: T=1000 planetary timescale confirmation
- **November 2025**: 30-seed statistical validation (100% success)
- **November 2025**: Molecular bond length predictions validated

Commit message:

Complete dual licensing implementation with comprehensive documentation
Add complete dual licensing structure:
- LICENSE-AGPL: Open source license (free) with AGPL requirements
- LICENSE-COMMERCIAL: Commercial license information with pricing tiers
- docs/LICENSING_GUIDE.md: Comprehensive guide with decision tree and FAQ
- README.md: Updated to reflect dual licensing model

License Structure:
- Free tier: AGPLv3 for open source, research, and education
- Paid tier: Commercial licenses for proprietary use
- Clear separation between free and commercial use cases

Pricing tiers:
- Startup: $500-$5,000/year (< $1M revenue)
- Business: $5,000-$25,000/year ($1M-$10M revenue)
- Enterprise: $25,000+/year (> $10M revenue)
- OEM: Custom volume-based pricing

This protects the codebase while enabling:
- Free access for open source community
- Revenue generation from commercial users
- Sustainable development funding
- Clear legal framework for all use cases

README.md, after:

# Universal Quantum Regularization Discovery

**Breaking Discovery**: Quantum regularization universally eliminates chaos in gravitational three-body systems.

## Key Results

| Metric | Result |
|--------|--------|
| **Success Rate** | 100% (30/30 seeds) |
| **Lyapunov Exponents** | All λ < 0 (stable) |
| **Statistical Significance** | p < 10⁻⁹ |
| **Energy Conservation** | δE/E₀ ~ 10⁻¹⁵ |
| **Molecular Validation** | 95.9% - 98.7% accuracy |

## The Discovery

Classical three-body systems are chaotic (positive Lyapunov exponents). Adding quantum regularization with **ε = ℏ/(mv)** transforms chaos into universal stability:

```
Force = -GM₁M₂ r̂ / (r² + ε²)^(3/2)
```

Where ε is the de Broglie wavelength scale.

## Core Physics

- **Regularization Scale**: ε = ℏ/(m·v_rms)
- **Physical Crossover**: ε_c ≈ 0.4× ℏ/(mv)
- **Integration**: Yoshida 6th order symplectic
- **Validation**: 30 random initial conditions, 100% success

## Repository Structure

```
quantum-regularization/
├── docs/           # Complete theoretical framework
├── code/python/    # Validated implementation
└── data/results/   # Computational evidence
```

## Quick Start

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python code/python/three_body_validated.py
```

## Molecular Validation

The theory predicts bond lengths scale as R ∝ 1/√N_electrons:

| System | Prediction | Measured | Accuracy |
|--------|-----------|----------|----------|
| H₂⁺ → H₂ | 0.707 | 0.698 | 98.7% |
| N₂⁺ → N₂ | 0.966 | 0.984 | 98.2% |
| O₂⁺ → O₂ | 0.968 | 0.930 | 95.9% |

## Documentation

- **[THEORY.md](docs/THEORY.md)** - Complete theoretical framework
- **[VALIDATION.md](docs/VALIDATION.md)** - Computational evidence
- **[FORMULAS.md](docs/FORMULAS.md)** - Machine-precision formulas

## Citation

```bibtex
@article{quantum_regularization_2025,
  title={Universal Quantum Regularization Eliminates Gravitational Chaos},
  author={[Authors]},
  journal={[Submitted to Nature/Science]},
  year={2025}
}
```

## License

**Dual Licensed**: This software is available under two licenses:

- **Open Source (FREE)**: AGPLv3 - See [LICENSE-AGPL](LICENSE-AGPL)
  - Free for personal, educational, research, and open source projects
  - Requires sharing modifications and source code

- **Commercial (PAID)**: See [LICENSE-COMMERCIAL](LICENSE-COMMERCIAL)
  - For proprietary/closed-source applications
  - No source code disclosure required
  - [Contact for pricing](#contact)

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for complete details on which license applies to your use case.

## Discovery Timeline

- **March 2025**: Initial T=1 validation
- **November 2025**: T=1000 planetary timescale confirmation
- **November 2025**: 30-seed statistical validation (100% success)
- **November 2025**: Molecular bond length predictions validated
